[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One
of my favorite stories
in the world of
extraterrestrial contact
is that of Val Thor,
after whom the book
"Stranger at the
Pentagon" was written.
His story was brought out by
a man named Frank Stranges.
Since my original
fascination years ago,
I've come into
contact with people
who are also in
contact with Frank,
including Hollywood film
director Craig Campobasso, who
is now producing the film
about Val Thor, "Stranger
at the Pentagon."
I'm so happy to have you here.
This is just the best.
>>CRAIG CAMPOBASSO: I'm really
happy to be here to see you,
Regina.
Thank you for having me.
>>REGINA: You
know, since I first
came in contact with that
book years and years ago,
I thought-- it felt real
to me, but you always
have to wonder is this
someone's imagination?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Sure.
Sure.
I read it in the '80s myself,
and I thought the same thing.
But when I actually looked
at the photographs that
were taken of Valiant Thor
and Vice Commander Donn
and Jill, who was a wife of
another Vice Commander named
Zann I later found
out from Dr. Frank,
the photographs just
resonated with me.
>>REGINA: They did
with me as well.
>>CAMPOBASSO: They
just felt genuine,
and they were also taken
by a retired Air Force
photographer who was
also a ufologist.
>>REGINA: And you can
see in some of the photos
that the group around them is
kind of looking at them like,
who are these guys?
>>CAMPOBASSO: They actually are.
And those photographs were taken
on the Howard Menger's farm,
who was also a contactee
way back in the day,
and Dr. Frank actually connected
me to Howard and his wife.
And I spoke to his wife
Connie also about that day.
And she said every time
they had UFO lectures,
there were always
visitors present.
She'd call them the visitors.
And she said sometimes they
would say who they were,
and sometimes they wouldn't.
But this particular
time, they didn't.
>>REGINA: And what's
interesting about this
is during that era,
when we're looking back
at the '50s in
particular and even
into the '60s, the
stories of alien contact
had to do with people who
were humanoid, usually
attractive, usually
nicely dressed.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Right.
>>REGINA: Big shift from
what John Mack started
dealing with in the '90s
and into the 2000s, which
is this frightening gray
abduction scenario, which
is what started taking over
the scene when people start
thinking of the
word alien contact.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so this was
more in the sweet days
when messages of
importance were being
delivered in a
gentlemanly fashion.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
And that there were,
in these early days,
that there were many people
who were having contacts
from beings all over the place.
I've gone and I've
studied especially
at the Integratron
back in the days
when George van Tassel had his
UFO space conventions where
anywhere from 5,000
to 10,000 people
would go and camp
out in the desert.
Dr. Frank Stranges used to
host those things in the '50s
and '60s as well.
>>REGINA: 5,000 to 10,000?
>>CAMPOBASSO: 5,000 to 10,000.
I've seen photographs.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Wow.
And the congresses of today are
lucky to get 200 or 300 people
to show up.
>>CAMPOBASSO: And evidently,
back in those days,
these beings from other places
were more accessible because it
was new to them,
and they were coming
because of the atomics
that started happening
in the '40s and the
danger it was posing
to the rest of the universe,
and all those kinds of things.
But it was fascinating.
So I really-- people
still think the story
might be a little crazy.
What I say is keep an open mind
and research George van Tassel
and all of these people
from that era to see it.
The story is not
going to get proved
unless Valiant Thor
walks in here himself.
>>REGINA: Well, these are more
dangerous times to walk in.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah.
But it's still-- I really wanted
to make the film because I
think it's a wonderful,
fascinating story.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK.
So you say that Val Thor
was a created being.
What does that mean?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well,
a created being
is someone that doesn't
have a belly button.
So they're actually
what we would
call an angel in human form.
>>REGINA: Did he
ever explain how
that happens-- how they're
able to come into and create
any kind of physical
form and density?
>>CAMPOBASSO: And density?
Well, we know from a lot of
previous teachings and things
that I've read is
that created beings
can be created through
the godhead, through--
or the universal
head, however you
want to look at it-- is that
they can create things at will.
>>REGINA: Not a
challenge for someone
who understands the
creative process.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And there are human
beings who can do this as well.
We have to understand,
to create something
like Val Thor actually
is our birthright.
We just haven't remembered
our way back to it yet.
>>CAMPOBASSO: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK.
So he arrives at the Pentagon.
We're going to take a look
at our very first clip
from the film, OK?
And set this up for
us a little bit,
because we want to know-- well,
first of all, I should ask you,
why did he come here?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well, he actually
came with a divine design,
which was to help eliminate
sickness, disease, and poverty.
And it was a design from
the unification council
of which he was a part of, of
which there are 12 members.
And it was for Eisenhower to
implement throughout the United
States, and then once
that proved successful,
throughout the world.
So on that first meeting, when
they met at the White House
on--
>>REGINA: We're going to see
that clip in a little bit.
>>CAMPOBASSO: We're gonna see
But his main purpose was
coming just for that,
and he was put on VIP
status by Eisenhower
for three years where
he actually-- they
discussed how they could do
this and how it could work
and all of that.
But of course, there
were major conflicts
with all the other areas and
the joint chiefs and the CIA--
>>REGINA: Oh, and that's
when he had that warning when
Eisenhower left office, beware
of the military industrial
complex.
Val Thor must've figured
prominently in that.
So there was a
reason Val Thor chose
to connect with
Eisenhower specifically.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
Back in the day, so--
>>REGINA: So he thought
he was a man that
had enough conscience
that he could
be capable of helping
these reforms happen.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
And Dr. Frank explained to me
that Eisenhower and Nixon, who
was Vice President at
the time, were actually
very much in favor
of the proposal.
And where they got
all of the conflict
came in from all the other
areas, the military, the CIA,
all of those different--
big industry.
And of course, in the
end, it was turned down
because it would eliminate
pharmaceutical companies,
doctors, lawye-- everything like
that and destroy the economy.
So again, it went back
to a monetary system
and didn't go back to
a humanitary system.
>>REGINA: OK.
So before we get too
far ahead ourselves,
let's take a look at the
clip where Val Thor arrives.
>>CAMPOBASSO: All right.
So this clip is where
his craft, Victor One,
which is 300 feet in
diameter, by the way,
holds up to 200
people, is arriving
on Earth for the first time
and is coming in for a landing.
>>REGINA: Beautifully done.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: That was
really beautifully done.
And you said that a lot
of this is CG, of course.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes, of course.
>>REGINA: Computer
generated graphics.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Exactly.
Images.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Really well done.
OK.
So let's talk about once
Val Thor arrived here.
What was his original
experience like?
How was he first greeted, and
then what was his experience
and the reception at
the Pentagon like?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well, he was
met when his craft landed.
The first two on the scene
were two police officers.
And they actually
had their guns drawn.
And when he walked off the
craft, when they looked
upon him, they felt
the energy of this man,
and they just immediately
just dropped their arms
and walked up to him.
They actually had
a conversation.
He said he wanted to
see the President.
They radioed ahead.
>>REGINA: They said, hey,
we'll give you an escort.
>>CAMPOBASSO: And
you have to remember,
this is on a Saturday morning.
This was not-- he didn't
come during the week.
Actually, that would have caused
havoc, if you think about it.
It was March 16, 1957, and it
was 8:00 AM in the morning.
So the city was awake,
but not at full function.
So they rushed him
to the Pentagon.
He met with the
Secretary of Defense,
the Undersecretary of Defense.
He met with some other
military officials.
They were all being called in.
Eisenhower was being
called in, Nixon, everybody
was then going.
They all met with him at the
White House in the Oval Office,
and that's where the
first meeting took place.
And Eisenhower's
first words were,
"I have a good feeling
towards you, sir.
Please, what is your name?"
>>REGINA: Should we take
a look at that clip now?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
Let's take a look.
>>REGINA: Let's do
clip number two,
and then we'll get deeper
into the conversation.
Where Valiant Thor
meets the President.
>>Of course you
know we've suspended
all rules of protocol.
I have a good
feeling towards you.
I'm president Dwight Eisenhower.
Please sir, what is your name?
>>Commander Valiant Thor.
>>Where are you from?
>>I come from the interior of
the planet your Bible calls
the morning and
the evening star.
>>Venus?
>>Yes.
>>What is the purpose
of this visit?
>>Your planet has been
under close observation
for a very long time.
That is why I'm here.
>>REGINA: Have there been
any confirming documents,
for example, by-- that were
ever discovered by Eisenhower
or Nixon or anyone else
that was involved, military,
regarding contact with this
stranger at the Pentagon,
or was this very deeply hidden?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well, I've never
come across any documents.
I myself asked Dr. Frank.
He didn't know of any documents.
The only thing
that is recorded is
Harley Byrd, who was Admiral
Richard E. Byrd's nephew,
was a part of Project
Blue Book at that time.
And actually, in the
forward to the book,
he confirms the entire story--
his arrival, his meeting
with the President,
and him staying there
at the Pentagon for three years.
So he himself did confirm it.
>>REGINA: Excellent.
Explain Project Blue
Book for our viewers
who aren't familiar
with these terms.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well,
back in the '50s,
they created an organization
to look into UFO sightings
and people reporting
and all that.
So they would go out, and
they would investigate and see
if things were correct, or
if people actually really saw
something, or that
kind of thing.
So they would log things
and catalog things.
>>REGINA: And this
was a governmental--
>>CAMPOBASSO: This was, yeah.
>>REGINA: --study.
Yes.
OK.
Just to set that straight.
And then of course, I think
it was in the '90s they said,
well, couldn't find anything.
Fables.
Right.
There were only thousands and
thousands of documented cases
before they threw
it out the window.
OK.
So when did Frank Stranges
come into the picture
and meet with Valiant Thor?
>>CAMPOBASSO: He was doing a
lecture-- a two-week lecture
in Washington, DC
in December of 1959.
And he actually was friends
with August Roberts, who
took the photographs of
Valiant Thor and his crew
members earlier at
the Menger farm.
And he had gone to Dr. Frank
with the photographs and said,
these people are not from here.
That man right there had no
fingerprints, no palm prints,
and when he looked at me, it
was like he was going deep
into my soul, and that
you just felt different
when you were around him.
>>REGINA: And this has
been for-- many people have
said the same thing.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
They've all said the same
thing, even down to the thing
that his pheromones are even
what you would call something
that changes your senses
and brings you into that God
sort of centered place
where he resides.
So it's not only the
sight, but it brings you
in through all the senses.
So anyway, he was there
doing this lecture,
and he had the photograph.
He had it blown
up, which I have.
I have the actual photograph.
His wife just gave it
to me for the big movie.
And he would have
it up there, and he
would talk about-- he'd
have the Adamski ships
and talk about that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CAMPOBASSO: And talk about
things that were in the Bible
as well, and then
talk about Ezekiel,
and he'd talk about--
then he would say,
and this is a photograph of
a gentleman who is supposedly
from another planet.
He never said that he
was or that he wasn't.
And one of these nights at
the lecture, what he did was
is he-- a woman came up to him
when he was signing books--
he had a book then called
"Saucerama," which was all
about flying saucers and
photographs and stories.
And a woman came up to him.
Her name was Nancy Warren--
changed, of course,
for the book.
And she put her Pentagon
badge underneath his face.
And he looked at her, and
she pointed to the picture,
and she said, he
wants to meet you.
And she said, I will pick you up
at your hotel tomorrow morning
at 8:00 AM.
And so those
arrangements were made.
She took him to the Pentagon.
She took him in where-- they
went through two guard gates.
He didn't have a badge.
I mean, this is like
this great story
that-- I forget what
Dr. Frank called it.
It's like trans-imagery.
So they are seeing
something that's not there.
So he would open his coat,
boom, there's a badge,
but there's no badge.
And that's how he actually got
through the two guard gates.
>>REGINA: And did he ever have--
did Valiant ever
explain why he chose
Frank for this particular--
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
Yes, because he was
a UFO investigator.
>>REGINA: But there were
many UFO investigators.
>>CAMPOBASSO: There were,
but he was also very open.
Dr. Frank, when you
got to know him,
and I got to know
him very well, he
was-- not only was
he a very open man,
but he was a very genuine man.
And he was kind and
trustworthy and all.
I think that whole package--
>>REGINA: That innocence and
kindness probably resonated.
>>CAMPOBASSO: And
I think also being
in the right place at the right
time didn't hurt, as well.
So they had a first meeting, and
they discussed several things,
one of which was his
space suit, which
weighed six ounces
with the boots.
And he said that,
at his urging, he
had the government
do tests on it.
They tried to burn it with acid.
It wouldn't burn.
They fired a rifle at it.
It wouldn't pierce.
And back then, they
were working on a laser,
but back then it
was called a maser.
So they even did
the maser on it.
Nothing would penetrate it.
>>REGINA: Could
penetrate that fabric.
>>CAMPOBASSO: But
what he also did
is he told them some personal
things that he did not
know himself.
>>REGINA: About himself?
>>CAMPOBASSO: About,
no, of Dr. Frank--
that he didn't know
that his parents had
had a child before him
that passed away at birth
and that Dr. Frank was
going that same way
but was helped along
to stay in this world.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>CAMPOBASSO: So
that, even there, it
makes me even think was this
some predestined thing that
was happening with Dr. Frank?
>>REGINA: Well, it seems like
it because it was so profound.
I want to just back
up for one second.
You mentioned Adamski,
which was also
being investigated at that time.
And that being, who
was a human being,
had a very similar kind of
be beatific, beautiful energy
about him like Valiant Thor.
Have you ever--
Do you have any--
And by the way, for
anybody watching,
I did an interview with
Glenn Steckling on that
because his father,
like Frank Stranges,
followed the life
and times of Adamski.
So you can watch
that in the archives.
But what is your thought on
who Adamski may have been?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well, I-- you
know, I kind of think that--
>>REGINA: Did he have a belly
button, is what I'm asking.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well, I think
that George Adamski had a belly
button, but maybe
Orthon, is what they na--
his person supposedly
from Venus as well,
I'm sure was a-- could have
been a created being as well.
But I don't think any--
>>REGINA: A similar kind
of contact and messaging
coming through.
>>CAMPOBASSO: But
here's the thing
that we do know about these
special beings-- created beings
and fully conscious beings
who are in full power
of 100% of their brain
power, where we're only
in like 30-some
percent, is that they
are balanced in
masculine and feminine.
So a lot of times,
the men will come off
being-- even coming
off not feminine,
but they have a lot
of feminine qualities.
And a lot of times they
look very androgynous,
because the men like to
sometimes wear long hair.
Valiant Thor didn't,
but Orthon did.
And if you didn't know and
you saw this pure face,
because his face
was just of purity,
you wouldn't know what sex.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I've seen
many depictions of these beings
through many sources and it's--
>>CAMPOBASSO: There's
lots of androgynous beings
through the universe.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
OK.
Now, going back
to Frank's story,
over what period of time,
then-- was he in contact
with Valiant Thor
those three years,
and was that the only time?
Or did Valiant Thor continue
being in contact with him
after his days at the Pentagon?
>>CAMPOBASSO: He met him on--
I believe it was December 24.
It was Christmas Eve, 1959.
So Valiant Thor was leaving
Earth on March 16, 1960,
the following year.
So he didn't have
contact with him again.
Valiant Thor returned, he
said, on March 16, 1961,
and has been here ever since.
And that he came back and
had a meeting with him.
He actually was
driving in his car,
and he appeared in the
backseat of his car,
he said, and scared the
beejeebies out of him.
And he pulled over, and
he got in the front seat,
and then they had
a conversation,
and that they've been
friends ever since.
But 1968 was the first time
that he went and visited
Victor One, which was his craft.
And he met a lot of
the crew members, which
he became friends with
throughout the years,
and had a lot of great stories.
>>REGINA: And this is
also featured in the film,
am I correct?
>>CAMPOBASSO: It is.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: The
meeting of the crew?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes,
because a lot of people
don't know about the crew.
And the crew is
extremely fascinating,
because there's four
vice commanders.
There's Teel, Zann, Thonn,
T-H-O-N-N, and Donn, D-O-N-N.
So there's one
woman and three men.
And then there is another
created being on board.
His name is Uniah, and he
comes from Melchizedek.
>>REGINA: Shall we take
a look at that clip?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
We do have a clip of
the vice commanders.
>>REGINA: Let's
take a look at it.
>>The Quyine have
infiltrated Earth.
Our surveillance system did
not detect their arrival.
>>They've found a signal to
block the current system.
Thonn, to circumvent this,
I have new residence field
signatures for you to implement
into the computer's brain.
>>Capital City's
President is considering
signing an agreement with
them for their technology.
>>This will set our
mission back decades.
>>Melchizedek has looked
into all probable futures.
There is not one hopeful
outcome in the immediate years.
The Earth is in grave danger.
>>REGINA: OK.
Very interesting, yes.
OK.
So after this period of
time, he started having-- he,
over this period of time being
in contact with human beings
and the military industrial
complex, large industry,
corporate America at large-- how
did this start impacting him?
And according to Frank Stranges,
what happened with Valiant
in terms of his ideals?
Did he feel that there was a
possibility any of these ideals
were going to be
met or that there
was going to be resistance?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well that
was interesting questions
that I asked Dr. Frank.
And then I had to even
take it a step beyond
because you have to think
the way a created being would
think.
And since we're
not created beings,
it's hard to think
in their manner.
But they're all knowing.
They sense.
They feel.
So yes, they would know that
there would be conflict,
but there might be several
avenues of which that conflict
would present itself
in the end result.
But I think the thing
that was most touching
is that when they experience
these things, being fully
conscious, being beings
of total envelopment
of unconditional love, not
being in duality like we're
in duality, and we live in
this world like we are today.
But then to see the
horrors of things
that were happening behind
the scenes, the things that
were happening on the
Earth, wars, all of that,
they would feel it on
a heightened level.
So even how we feel when
we see everything that's
happening in the
world even today,
and we see how many people
die in a war, in a bombing,
in a this, you take
it a step further.
And for a created being and
a fully conscious being,
it tears them up inside.
It just increases that
amount of emotion.
>>REGINA: It's magnified.
>>CAMPOBASSO: It's magnified.
So they're really here, he said,
because-- they're still here.
That ship is stationed
at Lake Mead,
and there are 103 of
these Victor class saucers
stationed in and
around the Earth,
monitoring 287 locations.
And each craft holds up
to 200 people as well.
So that's fascinating
to even think
that that concept
could be going on.
>>REGINA: But are they slightly
phased off in density so
that they're not
visible, I assume?
>>CAMPOBASSO: That's right.
>>REGINA: Because I had a
very interesting experience
on that level.
Years ago, I went out
with Steven Greer's group,
and I think this particular
time was in Crestone, Colorado.
And it was interesting because
the way that protocol goes,
everybody gathers,
you set an intention,
and then those people
who can kind of see
beyond time and space a
bit are asked to view.
And then you view,
and you kind of-- you
can tell-- you're usually given
times and vectors, in terms
of where there will be
some activity happening,
and then you report
it back to the group.
So everybody's
like this, looking.
Oh, there's one!
Is that a satellite?
So you have all this
excitement going on.
So I close my eyes.
I was going inside because
in that kind of environment,
I can usually see
beyond time and space.
And I thought, it's
so interesting.
We're looking like
this, but out behind us,
there were several ships on
the ground slightly phased off.
So you couldn't see them
with your eyes open,
but if you could see,
they're all around.
And I think this is the
kind of contact that's
happening from these
other subtle fields
all the time that humanity's
not aware of because we're
so dense in every single
way that we're still looking
for the piece of
metal to descend.
>>CAMPOBASSO: And by the
way, when those ships
are on the ground, they can
open up just a section of a ship
so somebody could see.
And those are called
vary shields, by the way.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CAMPOBASSO: So
they can do like this
and just open up
a portion of it.
Even when they're
in the sky, they
can open up a portion of it.
And the metallics and the
metal, even when they're there,
they can just hit
a sensor and then
they can look out into
the universe because then
it's like a window.
>>REGINA: Yes.
It's just fascinating.
And it's just a very--
much more graceful type
of technology than anything
that we knowingly possess.
Of course, we know there
are Black Ops projects that
have adopted a lot of
these technologies.
It's just not accessible to us.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So one of the scenes that
we're going to watch next
has to do with what
you were talking about.
Valiant has been exposed
to realities of life
on Earth, other positions
that are maybe diametrically
opposed, which we'll get into
in a little bit, with what he's
come to do.
And he has a wife, Deena,
who is an actualized, fully
open, fully aware
being who's with him.
And should we take a
look at this scene,
or do you want to
set it up first?
>>CAMPOBASSO: I'll
just set it up.
She knows he's going
through conflict,
and so she actually
comes to Earth
because she has to be
with him, because she's
feeling this conflict of
everything that's going,
and it pulls her here.
And this is a scene
where they come together
for the first time since
he's been on Earth.
>>REGINA: OK.
Take a look.
>>I want you to stay here on the
mothership, where it is safe.
>>But I feel
something horrible's
going to happen to you.
>>I want you to summon up all
the strength that's inside you
until this is over.
Promise me.
>>I promise.
>>REGINA: Very touching.
Now, let's progress the
story a little bit further.
We talked about
Val Thor's arrival.
We've talked about Frank
going in contact with him.
Now, how did you come
into contact with Frank?
We have one degree
of separation now.
>>CAMPOBASSO:
Interestingly enough, I
met a couple who
were friends of his
since the '60s who had met
Valiant Thor on two occasions--
once in the '60s and
once in the '70s.
And they were good
friends of him.
And so they
introduced me to him.
And I went and I
had lunch with him.
And I thought, well,
this will be fun.
I thought I was going to
go and have a nice lunch
and that would be the end of it.
And little did I
know that-- it's
like when you meet somebody
and it's like old family.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CAMPOBASSO: So we
literally, up until his death,
we talked on the
phone every day,
and we also had lunch
at least once a week.
And then, of course, I
was writing the script.
We saw each other
quite a few times
going over stories and things.
>>REGINA: So he
really revealed most
of what he experienced
and understood and knew.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah.
And not only that,
the thing that
was interesting in the
details-- and I've taught acting
as well as been a casting
director for many years.
We know when you're
making movies,
it's in the little details.
But he would be telling a
story, and then he would stop,
and it would create a memory.
And he would say, one
day, I was on the ship,
and blah, blah, blah
came in and said this,
and it just struck me
so funny in my soul.
And it just made me
think differently.
So there were these
little side stories
that were different from the
stories that he was telling me.
>>REGINA: What were some of
the qualitative experiences
and feelings he had when he was
on board the ship with the crew
and those beings and
within their technologies?
>>CAMPOBASSO: He said that
they were so enveloped in love.
He said they would just hug
him and hold him and just
do that as long as he
needed, because they knew
that what he was doing--
because he went out for,
since the '60s up
until his death,
he went around the world
speaking about this.
And at a certain point,
he was filling stadiums
all over the world
telling this story.
But they would do that
because he himself
came up with so much
conflict over the story.
But he said the great thing
about being on the ship
is that if you have glasses,
you no longer need glasses.
If you had a limp,
you no longer limped.
And here's an interesting thing.
One time when I was
writing, he told me
he was going to the ship in the
middle of when I was writing.
And I said, great.
And I said, tell
everybody that I said hi.
And my phone rang, and I picked
it up, and he goes, "Hello,
Craig?
This is Frank!"
And I was like, who?
It was this young voice.
And I was like, who is this?
It was actually Dr. Frank
calling me from the ship,
but he sounded like he was
25 instead of in his mid
to late '70s.
>>REGINA: Wow.
Did he ever talk to you about--
maybe I should back up a bit.
Did Valiant ever explain to
him what the healing modalities
and properties that he was
bringing to Earth at that time,
or attempting to bring to Earth,
were based on or consisted of?
>>CAMPOBASSO: I asked
him if he knew, actually,
what was in that proposal.
And he said that
he never told him.
And he said, there is one thing
that I never did, and I never
wanted to overstep my bounds
with him, because he said,
I never saw him
smile until the '70s.
He said his job is extremely
serious with what he entails,
and that I still don't know
of all of what it entails.
But we know that it's keeping a
watch over the Earth and things
that are going on here.
>>REGINA: It's
interesting, though.
I'm kind of reflecting back
just from my own understanding
of things and through
the years of meditation,
doing things,
books and so forth.
This notion you keep bringing up
of this intense field of love,
which is kind of the
great all that there is.
I mean, if we were to travel
out into the purest essence
into the universe, it is
this field of unconditional,
not human love,
unconditional love.
I'm wondering if it even may
have been steeped in something
that basic and
simple, is creating
these fields within our
own life experience, which
is where spontaneous
healing comes from.
>>CAMPOBASSO: We are.
>>REGINA: And so he was walking
into a created field of love
and being the beneficiary
while he was there of that.
And it sounds like it reversed
all dysfunction, aging,
et cetera.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
All of that.
I mean, he said it
was just amazing.
>>REGINA: It gives
us, maybe, a hint
we can work with down
the road, anyway.
>>CAMPOBASSO: There's a lot that
we can work with down the road.
Because really,
with those fields
being created and them being
created through Dr. Frank,
and now being created
through the film
and being created
that way, people then
couldn't feel and
see for themselves.
They can take what they
will from the story.
Whether they're a believer or a
nonbeliever, it doesn't matter.
It's still an incredible story.
And it's an incredible story
that we are being watched after
and we are being looked
after, and that we
are loved on such a deep
level that we don't even
know how deep it is until
we get there in that depth.
>>REGINA: And interestingly,
this is divine timing,
but the very next interview
I'm going to be doing
is with a man who explains
how we-- our essence
and how we can move back
into that truest essence
of the field of love.
So I'm going to bring this
conversation up with him,
because in that field, it does
collapse all time and space.
There's no linear
time, so disease
can be reversed instantly.
And we all have the
ability to do that.
And maybe that's part of what
the message could've been.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah.
Yeah, and I think a
lot of it was creating
that field of planetary
trust and love.
Because without the trust,
you can't have love.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And that's what was happening
in the '50s and '60s.
These beings were
trying to say, you're
part of something
galactic and larger.
Don't treat us as enemies.
We're all in this cosmic
situation together.
>>CAMPOBASSO: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, did you-- we're going
to have one more clip of film
which gets into the darker
agenda and his interface
with it.
In fact, why don't
we do that now,
and then I'm going to ask
you about you, whether or not
you ever had any
contact with Val Thor.
OK.
Let's take a look at what
happened after Valiant started
realizing he was up against
some mighty earthly forces that
really were not going
to relinquish control.
>>CAMPOBASSO: This is the
scene with the Imperian
who is the head of the
corporate world of the men
who run the world
behind the scenes.
>>REGINA: The shadowy few.
>>CAMPOBASSO: We call
them the Secret Shadow
Society in the film.
>>REGINA: Let's
take a look at it.
>>We've heard of your
arrival from many sources.
>>What can I do
for you gentlemen?
>>Well, we're not in
need of your many cures.
Everything from cancer
to the common cold,
we already possess those.
But the general here tells us
that you have certain behavior
problems.
He's asked us to train you.
>>I cannot be brainwashed.
>>Huh.
But you see, we have unsavory
contacts on other worlds
who have taught us a great many
things about created beings.
This machine, for example,
was especially built for us
by our otherworldly allies
who, for some peculiar reason,
wish to see you fail.
>>REGINA: Wow.
I've done enough
shows on that subject
to know what he was up
against, and it's like, oh.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah,
it's pretty intense.
>>REGINA: You know,
this is a very fine line
to walk as humans, to allow
oneself to be made aware
that these forces are real.
Just as the light and
the universal love
is the solvent of the
universe, that's real.
But also, there
are other energies
that are shadowy that are
just slightly phased off
that we can't necessarily
see, and embodied
in some of these characters,
that are equally present.
To understand that
reality and that we
chose to dance in
that zone and learn
the difference between
the two and choose one,
choose to overcome that, wow.
But how did he feel when
this was all said and done?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Dr. Frank told me
that all of the vice commanders
were-- they were all in a state
of incomprehensible sadness.
Teel, I know, cried.
I know a lot of them cried.
He felt defeated.
He felt a lot of things.
And if you can
imagine, again, going
into the mind of really who and
what he is, to feel that defeat
and people not treating
you with any respect
and only wanting your
technology-- because you have
to remember, his technology
was spiritual technology.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CAMPOBASSO: It was not
technology that destroys.
It was technology that deflects.
>>REGINA: But as
he came physically
to deliver these messages,
the other entities
that work in other
shadowy realms
with people in high places
redouble their efforts
when some kind of
light comes forward--
which is why you see almost
kind of in the other dimensional
realms, you could say a
battle's going on constantly.
The more people
awaken, the more light,
the more possibility
comes in, the more you
start seeing the
darker influence, which
expresses itself in the
earthly realms in politics,
media, entertainment, all of it.
Dark, down, down.
And so he could see that those
other forces were actually--
>>CAMPOBASSO: They're there.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
Now, did you ever have
any personal experience
with Val Thor?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Well, I wish
I could say I met him.
I know a lot of people in the
world would love to meet him.
I would love to
meet him as well.
But the day that I started
writing the script,
he came to me in a dream
and he spoke to me.
And basically, it was
about him showing me
the path of the movie and
the path of shooting it
on a sound stage, and the
path how they were going--
he was showing me this machine
that was a sound machine that
eliminated all negative things
so that this pathway would move
smoothly.
And we talked about,
isn't it interesting
how God puts people
together to work together?
And I was thinking, wow, this
is really an amazing thing
that I get to do this story.
>>REGINA: But you have that
same openness and sweetness
that Frank Stranges had.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes.
>>REGINA: That kind
of an innocence
which would be desirable.
>>CAMPOBASSO: But
the one that really
got me was years after I met
Dr. Frank, I at one point
had a bowel obstruction.
And I was in extreme pain, and
I was rushed to the doctor.
And then they rushed
me to the hospital.
And they took x-rays,
and they told me
I was going to
have to be operated
on first thing in the morning.
And so that night, I woke up and
I felt Teel standing over me.
I was just woke up.
I was in twilight, where
you're awake and asleep
at the same time.
And I felt her
energy, and I felt
bubbles going through
all my intestines.
And I knew when I
woke up in the morning
that I wasn't going to
have to have an operation.
So when I woke up in the
morning, I look over.
Sitting in the chair across
from me is Dr. Frank.
And he looked at me and he goes,
Teel called me this morning
and said she fixed
you up last night.
And I went, I know.
Just like that.
And that was such a huge
confirmation for me.
And of course, they did
x-rays again at my urging,
and said, oh, you're fine.
And I walked out of the hospital
about 2 o'clock that afternoon.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
There's your proof.
>>CAMPOBASSO: So that
was really big proof.
>>REGINA: And so you're
in a film festival.
You were in a film festival.
>>CAMPOBASSO: No, we are.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And you, what, an
official selection
at the Burbank
International Film Festival?
And then what happens
from this point forward?
Because everybody's going
to want to see this film
that's watching this
interview right now.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yes, they are.
Well, we made the film to
accompany our business package
with our entertainment
attorney to raise the money
to make the big film.
So that's why you see
the visual effects,
and everything is going to be
state of the art and things
that we've never seen before.
These are spiritual
technologies.
These are interfaces that
we have not seen before.
And I think the
people of the world
would like to see a movie
that's going to still entertain
them, be different,
unique, and is
going to have a spiritual base.
>>REGINA: Are we going
to be able to get copies
of the short film before the
release of the long film,
the full length version?
>>CAMPOBASSO: Yeah.
People can go to
strangeratthepentagon.com,
and they can get the book there.
They can also get posters.
>>REGINA: Talk about some of
the other books, because you
have amazing things
that no one has.
>>CAMPOBASSO: There are.
Well, all these books that Dr.
Frank wrote are out of print,
so the publisher has given me
the remainder of the books.
So there's "Stranger
at the Pentagon,"
"UFO Conspiracy," "Outwitting
Tomorrow," which was also--
Valiant Thor was the adviser,
another one called "Millennium
Seven," and then the
book that I wrote,
which is called
"The Autobiography
of an Extraterrestrial
Saga-- I am Thyron."
>>REGINA: OK.
So Valiant Thor.
He's still here.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Still here.
>>REGINA: Does he ever
appear physically to anyone
these days?
>>CAMPOBASSO: I have come
in contact with a few people
that he's appeared to, but
it was back in the '50s.
>>REGINA: Oh, and you know what?
I met someone at a
dinner party recently,
I meant to mention this a
while ago, Sharon Clark, who
you're now familiar
with as well.
She was telling me
that she was 14 or 15
and her parents were among those
who would go out to these UFO
sightings back in
the '50s and '60s.
And she said she met
Valiant Thor back then.
And again, this connection,
as soon as he looked at her,
this melting away of
anything but love.
And she was concerned as a
young child because of the Cuban
Missile Crisis and all
these things going on,
the Cold War, that we were
going to nuke each other
and she would die.
And he told her this
will not be allowed.
This is not going
to happen here.
And so to rest assured
that there would not
be this annihilation on Earth.
It was all being taken care of.
>>CAMPOBASSO: That's right.
>>REGINA: So beautiful.
>>CAMPOBASSO: That is.
And I get that message as well.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CAMPOBASSO: I've
gotten that very,
very strongly that that
is not going to happen.
>>REGINA: Craig, thank you
so much for sharing this.
I just adore this story.
>>CAMPOBASSO: Thank you so much.
I loved being here.
>>REGINA: As I said at
the top of the show,
this is a fascinating story.
And thank goodness Craig is
bringing it to light via film.
Watch out for "Stranger
at the Pentagon"
by checking his website
strangeratthepentagon.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here at Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]